COMPONENT REQUIREMENT

 

Computer and processor

 

1.6 GHz or faster, 2-core

 

Professional Plus: 2 GHz or greater recommended for Skype for Business

 

Memory

 

4 GB RAM; 2 GB RAM (32-bit)

 

Hard disk

 

4 GB of available disk space

 

Display

 

1280 x 768 screen resolution (32-bit requires hardware acceleration for 4K and higher)

 

Graphics

 

Graphics hardware acceleration requires DirectX 9 or later, with WDDM 2.0 or higher for Windows 10 (or WDDM 1.3 or higher for Windows 10 Fall Creators Update).

 

Professional Plus: Skype for Business requires DirectX 9 or later, 128 MB graphics memory, and 32-bits-per-pixel-capable format.

 

Operating system

 

Windows 10 SAC, Windows Server 2019, or Windows 10 LTSC 2019

 

Browser

 

The current version of Microsoft Edge, Internet Explorer, Chrome, or Firefox. Get more details.

 

.NET version

 

Some features may require .NET 3.5 or 4.6 and higher to also be installed.

 

Other

 

Internet functionality requires an internet connection. Fees may apply.

 

Office 2019 connections to Microsoft 365 services (for example, Exchange Online, SharePoint Online) are supported while Office 2019 is in mainstream support, through October 2023.

 

A touch-enabled device is required to use any multitouch functionality, but, all features and functionality are always available by using a keyboard, mouse, or other standard or accessible input device. Note that touch features are optimized for use with Windows 10.

 

Product functionality and graphics may vary based on your system configuration. Some features may require additional or advanced hardware or server connectivity.

 

Cloud file management features require OneDrive, OneDrive for Business, or SharePoint.

 

Microsoft account or organizational account required for license assignment.

 

Professional Plus: Skype for Business requires a standard laptop camera or USB 2.0 video camera, a microphone, and an audio output device in order to utilize its full range of calling and meeting features. We recommend that you use certified devices for the best experiences. For exact client video requirements, please review Skype for Business client video requirements.

 

Outlook:

 

Integration with Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams requires connectivity to a supported version of Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams. See the Microsoft Support Lifecycle Policy site for supported versions of Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams.
Some search functionality requires Windows Search.
Certain advanced functionality may require connectivity to a supported version of Microsoft Exchange Server (or Exchange Online) or Microsoft SharePoint Server (or SharePoint Online). See the Microsoft Support Lifecycle Policy site for supported versions of Exchange Server and SharePoint Server.
LinkedIn support requires a LinkedIn account.
Speech recognition functionality requires a microphone.
Read-aloud functionality requires an audio output device.
Rights Management features require access to either a cloud deployment of Microsoft Rights Management (Azure Rights Management) or an on-premises deployment (Active Directory Rights Management Services).
Dynamic calendars require server connectivity.
Microsoft Office 2019 for Mac Standard
COMPONENT REQUIREMENT

 

Computer and processor

 

Intel processor

 

Memory

 

4 GB RAM

 

Hard disk

 

10 GB of available disk space; HFS+ hard disk format (also known as macOS Extended) or APFS

 

Display

 

1280 x 800 screen resolution

 

Graphics

 

No graphics requirements

 

Operating system

 

Office for Mac is supported on the three most recent versions of macOS. As new major versions of macOS are made generally available, Microsoft will stop support for the oldest version and support the newest and previous two versions of macOS. Product functionality and feature availability may vary on older systems. For the best experience, use the latest version of any operating system specified above.

 

Browser

 

The current version of Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome, or Firefox. Get more details.office.com/setup
 https://office-settup.com/
